Could this be life in a remote town in Africa during COVID?
You are in your hut. The town is in quarantine because of the pandemic.  Someone is coughing in another house. The police are on the streets with batons, and though you are safe inside, videos of what batons have been used for are all over social media and messenger groups. The little hairdressing salon you run is shut; your son, who is in Europe,  has lost his job and you won't ask him to send  money, as you have done in the past, when times were tight. Even if he could send money, it would be a two hour wait in the queue at the money transfer kiosk, packed side by side, with people coughing.

The shops are running low in supplies. When you last went out, there were few gas cylinders,  and the ones that left were triple the price two weeks ago. Some of the lorry drivers are too afraid to come. They say the village is cursed, or they are with family who are sick and can't go out. With no cooking gas, you can't use the gas stove, so the house is filled with thick smoke from the fireplace. There is no chimney. You wonder if this is why there are other people coughing, because of the smoke from the cooking fire, not the virus. An aid worker who came to the village with the stoves, said that more people die from breathing wood smoke in their homes than from breathing gases from cars. But the way it is looking, either the virus will kill us elders or we will starve.

Someone has started making chairs in the village. The hostel they ran for the tourists has shuttered for the time being, and no-one knows when the white people will start coming again to go on safaris and bathe in big chlorinated swimming pools. It is a shame they are not bringing business to the village anymore. Some even paid a visit to your hair salon. They come when they want, but when anything scares them, they run! Like the gazelle that come and go with the season. Or the locusts, that come when there is bounty and go when there is no more to be eat.

The locusts are bad this year. They have eaten the fields belonging to two whole villages not far away. And there are more coming according to the radio.

How will we make it through the dry season? 

The young men, who came back to the village when they lost their jobs, are going  out to gather firewood, you don't know where they found it. They head along the main road north and come back every two hours with huge bales bumping up and down the dirt roads on the back of the motorcycles. The national park is north of the village, but cutting wood there, as it is forbidden. They wouldn't risk it, would they? 

There is a man who came and said he would buy the wood, and gave a higher price than the man making chairs. Maybe they will make a living from the wood? But what if the ranger stops them? Or if they are stopped by corrupt police, or if the few trees are all cut down ? No, no, don't ask these questions. All will be fine?
